We're now going to cover VPC pairing VPC pairing is a way that you can set up a network connection so
that you can send traffic between V.P. seats using private IP addresses so we can use the site blocks
of our VPC is to send traffic directly to other pieces and those can be in the same account or they
can be in a different account and they can even be in a different region.
And even if they're in a different region they're not going to hit the Internet as they normally would.
They're going to go over the AWB as global backbone so you have bandwidth.
There are no constraints in terms of bandwidth.
It's redundantly connected.
So you think redundantly connect you'll be pieces.
So in the example here we have two accounts and let's say that these are in the same region but they
could be in different regions and each has a different side of block.
And this is essential because you can't have the same side a block in both in both theses.
When you set up a Parent Connection they cannot overlap.
So we have different cyber blocks and we can therefore create a pairing connection between these two
accounts.
And then we want to be able to send traffic between these instances using private IP addresses.
So the other thing that we need to do once we set up the Parent Connection is upbeat the tables.
So each round table needs an entry that has the side a block of the opposite VPC and the pairing connection
I.D. And that's generated when we create our parent connection so you can see hey you have around table
entries saying that for 10 0 0 0 slash 16 go to the parent connection this and this VPC we say that
any traffic going to to 1 0 0 0 should go to the Parent Connection I.D. so they can get routed into
this BPC so that's how it works and the other thing that you need to do is configure your security groups
so that you can allow this traffic and you can do that through setting up IP ranges or you can do it
free setting up the security group by d of the security groups in the offset account.
So either way so let's head over to the console and what we're going to do is we're going to build exactly
this configuration so we're gonna have two accounts in one account we're going to put a E2 instance
in a private subnet and then the other we're going to put an easy to instance in a public subnet and
we're going to SSA each into this instance and we have obviously an Internet gateway allowing us in.
And then from there we're then going to try and paying the private instance here.
So we need to have a rule that allows ICMP and we're going to specify the security group by day of the
security group.
This instance is attached to so let's go to the console and I mean the VPC dashboard and this is the
account to on the right hand side and I'm going to go down to peering connections and try to pay connection
is going to call it my hearing
BBC and I now specify I'm going to my BP say I'm going to choose the custom BBC we created and I can
choose another account and I'm just going to copy this account number to my clipboard so you now need
the accounts I.D. of the opposite accounts and the then me to specify whether it's in this region or
another region.
So you could specify what any other region in this case we're going to just choose this region and we're
going to put in the VPC idea of the BBC an account one so let's just go to another call another browser
session here and I'm going to go to the VPC is and I have this VPC here which I want to get the idea
of
I'm going to come back here and paste that VPC idea in and create Parent Connection.
So what will happen now is a acceptance request will be sent to the other VPC.
So let's go back here.
Go to parent connections and we now have this parent pending acceptance message so we can just select
this option and accept request and it gives a summary of what's happening and we can click yes except
and it says our VPC Parent Connection has been established and then it warns us that to send and receive
traffic across this connection you must get around to the paired VPC in one or more of your BPC round
tables.
So let's do that now.
So I'm gonna head over to round tables
and I'm going to choose this round table here which is associated with my account the VPC that I want
to set up as part of this pairing connection and you'll see it already has around to tend to 1.0 to
zero which is the local round.
So I want to put in the side a block of the other accounts or the other BPC that I want to connect to.
And we can now just go down as a pairing connection and we've got a couple of Parent Connection ideas
because I set one up before.
So let me just go back and verify which one I want to use.
And so this pairing connection I.D. finishes in nine to eight.
So let's go back to round tables and select
this round table click edit routes and let's just go down to grab this before I forget it.
There we go.
Nine to eight and we're gonna do tend 0 0 0 0
slash 16
and save rounds and that looks great.
And it tells us exactly as well.
And so we're now going to do the same thing in this account.
And in this case I'm going to associate my public around table.
I'm gonna go to rounds and it rounds.
Let's go down to the parent connection.
There it is.
And this case I want to pretend a 1 0 0 slash 16.
So the sort of block of the account.
so that's all set up.
Now before we do the security breach let's just go to the easy to console and launch a couple of instances.
And I'm just going to launch an instance with the Amazon minutes to I am I I'm going to put this in
my custom VPC and I'm going to put it in public to a and that's all I really need to do is go to security
group give it web access we've got quite a few ports quite a few rules in here we only really need SSA
for this one because that's the only inbound port protocol that we need
right.
So that's launching we can head back to VPC console and I'm going to go to the other account and do
the same
so instances and launch Amazon Linux going to choose this VPC and I have one private subnet and let's
go forward choose our security groups and I'll have a security group pick what I just call private access
at the moment it has SSA age 22 allowed we don't actually need that we're going to configure that security
group shortly
so those easy two instances are now launching.
And what I want to do is go to security groups and I want to find my the private access security group.
That's the one which I associated with my instance and account 1 and I don't need that rule.
The rule that I do need is ICMP before.
And what I want to do is I want to lock this to the security group by d of the security group in the
Alvaro account.
So back here we've got a Web access security group
and I'm just gonna take the security group by day
and I'm going to pay start in here.
You can't look it up because it's in a different accounts.
You can't just type ESG like we normally do and see a list of security groups come up.
Well I've put that one in their.
So now we have an inbound law allowing ICMP from and we can see the account I.D. and the security group
I.D. of the security group in account too.
So just going back here to sort of make it clear what we've done we've set up a easy to instance an
account one an easy to instance and a public submit an account to which we're about to connect into.
So we've got port 22 open we had some other rules but they weren't really relevant.
And then what we're trying to test is that this security group rule will allow us to send data to the
private IP address of this instance in the private subnet over the parent connection.
So let's go back and I want to go across to account too.
And I'm just going to go back to the easy to management console and take the public IP address of the
instance and I'm at the command line now and I'm just going to secure shell into that instance
and we're connected.
So let's go back now and in the other account.
So this is the account one in our diagram.
I'm going to go through our running instance and take it private IP address and let's go back here and
let's see if we can ping that address and we can.
That's great.
So we've got a connection that we're able to ping the instance in the private subnet in the other account
via the BPC Parent Connection.
So just to make sure that that's exactly what's happening let's go back here to security groups and
I'm going to remove that rule and safe.
And then just go back and verify that's broken the connection
so those are the main things to know about VPC parent connections.
Another one which I want to cover with you is pairing multiple V.P. it's more than two BPC.
So in this case we got four.
But you can work this out how this would relate to additional BPC.
So the point is that a VPC Parent Connection goes between one BPC and another VPC.
So if we only have one parent connection here and one parent connection here it means that this top
left my CPC can speak to this VPC and same for this CPC at the bottom here can speak to this one on
the top right hand side.
It doesn't mean that this VPC here can talk through this VPC to this one and that would be known as
transitive period it's not allowed so the configuration you do need is to have this extra connection.
That means that it's a one to one connection between each VPC and another VPC so this VPC at the bottom
here needs to have a connection with this one to be able to communicate.
Likewise this VPC needs to connect to this one has a can have a connection to this one in order to be
able to communicate and this CPC also needs a connection to the bottom VPC to communicate between its
resources.
So you can't transition pairing with BPC with BPC pairing you can do transit gateways and that's gonna
be a subject for another lap
so that's it for this lab to clean up your lab you might want to go in and delete your peering connections
and then you can go into your room tables and remove the root table entry which will be shown as a black
hole now because the VPC pairing connection has been deleted and then go into your security groups and
remove any rules that you added that reference security groups from the other account and that's it
for now.